DropbProx
Paulo Jerônimo (http://paulojeronimo.com)
Last modified on %%mtime(%c)
%!encoding: utf-8
%!target: html
%!options: -o README.html
%!postproc: URL_DROPBOX http://www.dropbox.com
%!postproc: URL_MIRRORRR http://code.google.com/p/mirrorrr/
%!postproc: URL_BRETT_SLATKIN http://www.onebigfluke.com/

= Summary =
A GAE proxy to your Dropbox account

= Description =
The DropbProx aims to allow you to use your own domain to get files published in your [Dropbox URL_DROPBOX]. So, after setting up your Dropbox account number at the application and publish it on Google App Engine (GAE), you will access your files in the Dropbox linking them to a more significant domain than that presented by URL ``http://dl.dropbox.com/u/YOURDROPBOXNUMBER``.

This code is a very simple reduction/adaptation of [mirrorrr project URL_MIRRORRR] (by [Brett Slatkin URL_BRETT_SLATKIN]) held specifically to achieve the goals to build a proxy for public files from a user account in the Dropbox. If you want a full (and FREE) proxy to run on GAE, use the mirrorrr!

= Motivation =
I was looking for a FREE alternative to the problem described above. That's because I canceled my account on a virtual private server (VPS), which kept my domains. So, I could not use Apache 2 as [reverse proxy http://clipmarks.com/clipmark/F469AE1E-29AB-44EF-8DBE-BF6C57CCDC26/] or his [mod_rewrite http://ubuntu-tutorials.com/2008/11/08/tinyurl-ify-dropbox-public-links-with-htaccess/] as a solution to this problem. With just a few searches on Google, I found a proxy written in Python (and able to run on GAE). Thus, I adapted his code to suit my needs.

= Installation =
- Create a new project on GAE.
  - For example, I created a project named ``pj74arqs``. A good tutorial about how to do this (for windows users) is the post "[Setup your own Proxy Server in 5 Minutes for Free http://www.labnol.org/internet/setup-proxy-server/12890/]"
- Change ``application`` variable at file ``app.yaml`` to the name of your created project on GAE;
- Change ``DROPBOX_NUMBER`` variable at file ``mirror.py`` to your own Dropbox number;
- Publish the application on GAE;
  - Windows users: see [this post http://www.labnol.org/internet/setup-proxy-server/12890/];
- //Optional//: Change the domain of the published application.
  - In my case, after publish the application, the domain was ``pj74arqs.appspot.com``. But, this wasn't good for me yet. So, I changed the URL for that application to my subdomain: ``a.paulojeronimo.com``. That was much better!


= Use =
- Instead of access your files using the Dropbox URL (``http://dl.dropbox.com/u/YOURDROPBOXNUMBER``) you can now use the GAE application URL.
  - In my case, instead of access files at ``http://dl.dropbox.com/u/345266``, I can now do that using ``http://a.paulojeronimo.com``. For example, the files http://dl.dropbox.com/u/345266/curriculo/curriculo-pj.html and http://a.paulojeronimo.com/curriculo/curriculo-pj.html (my portuguese resume ;-) are the same, but the second is much more expressive, isn't it?
- Update a file in your Dropbox account and refresh your URL. You will see that was updated in your proxy too!
